feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/bernoulli/pmf` (#3974)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/bernoulli/pmf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c

> #include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/bernoulli/cdf.h"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/bernoulli/pmf.h"
```

```

#### stdlib_base_dists_bernoulli_pmf( x, p )

> Returns a function for evaluating the [probability mass function][pmf] (PMF) of a [Bernoulli][bernoulli-distribution] distribution with success probability `0 <= p <= 1`.

Reviewer: This description is incorrect.

> Returns a function for evaluating the [probability mass function][pmf] (PMF) of a [Bernoulli][bernoulli-distribution] distribution with success probability `0 <= p <= 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [probability mass function][pmf] (PMF) of a [Bernoulli][bernoulli-distribution] distribution with success probability `0 <= p <= 1`.
```
